http://www.fcc.gov, FCC
http://www.cnbc.com, CNBC
http://www.ymca.com, the Y
http://www.walmart.com, Walmart
http://www.lowes.com, Lowe
http://www.ebay.com, eBay
http://www.mcdonalds.com, Donald
http://www.monoprice.com, price
http://www.kodak.com, Kodak
http://my.hughesnet.com, Support Center
http://www.yahoo.com, Yahoo
http://www.verizon.com, Verizon
http://www.autozone.com, Auto
http://www.fiatusa.com, FIAT
http://www.apple.com, Apple
http://www.hp.com, HP
http://www.umuc.edu, UMUC
http://www.bankofamerica.com, Bank of America
http://www.wellsfargo.com, Wells Fargo
http://www.capitalone.com, Capital One
http://www.suntrust.com, SunTrust
http://www.pnc.com, PNC Bank
http://www.ameritrade.com, Ameritrade
http://www.fidelity.com, Fidelity
http://www.gmail.com, Gmail
http://www.yahoomail.com, Yahoo
http://www.facebook.com, Facebook
http://www.trsretire.com, Transamerica
http://www.mafcu.org, Mid-Atlantic
http://www.americanexpress.com, American Express
http://www.nasafcu.com, NASA
http://www.navyfederal.org, Navy
http://www.fairfaxcu.org, Fairfax
http://www.secumd.org, SECU MD
http://www.towerfcu.org, Tower
http://www.nihfcu.org, NIH
http://www.andrewsfcu.org, Andrews